docs(createRecentSearchesPlugin): rewrite docs (#469)
algolia/autocomplete: packages/website/docs/createRecentSearchesPlugin.md

id: createRecentSearchesPlugin
---

> The Recent Searches plugin displays a list of the latest searches the user made on your autocomplete's empty screen.

Reviewer: I understand this sentence as if it only display the searches made on the empty screen. It's not necessarily displayed on the empty screen neither.

```suggestion
The Recent Searches plugin displays a list of the latest searches the user made.
```

The `createRecentSearchesPlugin` plugin lets you implement your own storage. To connect with the user's [local storage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage), check [`createLocalStorageRecentSearchesPlugin`](createLocalStorageRecentSearchesPlugin).

## Installation

First, you need to install the plugin.

```bash

> yarn add @algolia/autocomplete-plugin-recent-searches
> # or
> npm install @algolia/autocomplete-plugin-recent-searches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yarn add @algolia/autocomplete-plugin-recent-searches@alpha
# or
npm install @algolia/autocomplete-plugin-recent-searches@alpha
```

```

Then import it in your project:

```js
import { createRecentSearchesPlugin } from '@algolia/autocomplete-plugin-recent-searches';
```

If you don't use a package manager, you can use a standalone endpoint:

```html

> <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@algolia/autocomplete-plugin-recent-searches"></script>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@algolia/autocomplete-plugin-recent-searches@alpha"></script>
```

```

## Example

> Here's a working example. It uses the plugin within [`autocomplete-js`](autocomplete-js). You're in charge of implementing the storage to fetch and save recent searches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses the plugin within [`autocomplete-js`](autocomplete-js). You're in charge of implementing the storage to fetch and save recent searches.
```

});
```

For example, you can plug it to a MongoDB database using [mongoose](https://mongoosejs.com/).

```js
import mongoose from 'mongoose';
import { createRecentSearchesPlugin } from '@algolia/autocomplete-plugin-recent-searches';
import { search } from '@algolia/autocomplete-plugin-recent-searches/usecases/localStorage';

mongoose.connect('mongodb://localhost:27017/myapp', { useNewUrlParser: true });

const schema = new mongoose.Schema({
  objectID: String,
  query: String,
  category: {
    type: String,
    default: undefined,
  },
});
const RecentSearchesItem = mongoose.model('RecentSearchesItem', schema);

const recentSearchesPlugin = createRecentSearchesPlugin({
  storage: {

>     async getAll(query) {
>       const items = await RecentSearchesItem.find({});
> 
>       return search({ query, items, limit: 5 });
>     },

Reviewer: `async` is not super democratized in the frontend, it requires special configuration.

```suggestion
    getAll(query) {
      return RecentSearchesItem.find({}).then((items) => {
        return search({ query, items, limit: 5 });
      });
    },
```

Author: Many browsers support `async` and `await` without transforms. Internet Explorer is the only one that doesn't, but it also doesn't support the `Promise` constructor either so one would need transforms or polyfills for IE 11 anyway.

- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/async_function#browser_compatibility
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/await#browser_compatibility

    onAdd(item) {
      RecentSearchesItem.create(item);
    },
    onRemove(objectID) {
      RecentSearchesItem.deleteOne({ objectID });
    },
  },

> });

Author: I don't have a MongoDB account so I didn't test this one out, only followed the documentation carefully.

The idea is to show an basic implementation of the storage so that users can either start from it or use it as a reference to build their own.

I used the `search` function from `./usecases/localStorage` because it abstracts the highlighting logic and because you can't use a predicate in `Model.find`, so the filtering logic from `search` is useful.

Maybe this would make sense to move this function into a more generic namespace, such as `./usecases/static`. Also, it may be useful to expose the `highlight` function as `getAll` is supposed to return an array of highlighted items, and that highlighting logic would be painful to re-implement.

Reviewer: Very cool!

We're not supposed to import from `./usecases/localStorage` so if it's useful, I'll make sure to export it from the package (@redox also complained about this not being provided).

I'll take care of updating the guide once it's done.

```

> You can combine this plugin with the [Query Suggestions](createQuerySuggestionsPlugin) plugin to leverage the empty screen with popular and recent queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can combine this plugin with the [Query Suggestions](createQuerySuggestionsPlugin) plugin to leverage the empty screen with recent and popular queries.
```

### `transformSource`

> `(params: { source: AutocompleteSource, onRemove: () => void, onTapAhead: () => void })`

> A function to transform the source based on the Autocomplete state.

Author: ```suggestion
A function to transform the provided source.
```

> > `(params: { source: AutocompleteSource, onRemove: () => void })`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `(params: { source: AutocompleteSource, onRemove: () => void, onTapAhead: () => void })`
```

> A function to transform the source based on the Autocomplete state.

Reviewer: See https://github.com/algolia/autocomplete/pull/468#discussion_r583046784.

#### `getAlgoliaSearchParams`

> `SearchParameters => SearchParameters`

> Optimized [Algolia search parameters](https://www.algolia.com/doc/api-reference/search-api-parameters/). This is useful when using the plugin along with the [Query Suggestions](createQuerySuggestionsPlugin) plugin.

Author: This was the "best" generic explanation I could come up with. If I missed the core usage, don't hesitate to make a suggestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optimized [Algolia search parameters](https://www.algolia.com/doc/api-reference/search-api-parameters/). This is useful when using the plugin along with the [Query Suggestions](createQuerySuggestionsPlugin) plugin.

This function enhances the provided search parameters by:

- Excluding Query Suggestions that are already displayed in recent searches.
- Using a shared `hitsPerPage` value to get a group limit of Query Suggestions and recent searches.
```
